## 1.2 Business Ecosystem Surrounding UWaterloo

The upper echelons of the ecosystem in Kitchener-Waterloo Region consists of culture carriers posted in various key organizations. Those culture carriers typically occupy board membership in organizations like Business Development Bank of Canada (BDC), and municipal Economic Development Corporations (EDCs). Loyal culture carriers who have been drinking deep from the kool-aid, supplied to them by their Supreme Leaders, are recruited to distribute that very same kool-aid to new business founders, via economic drivers like a city's EDC. A culture carrier like Jay Shah, with his proven track-record in hiding or handling dicey gray-area problems, is usually given the approbation of the regional overseers, to be installed as a board member in places like Waterloo EDC. Jay is an example of the ideal candidate for boosting a city's visibility, and of a culture carrier who can quickly become a local evangelist of the vision, that Toronto has always desired to implement in its developing outskirts. 

You see, messy and dirty work that provide luxuries, and consumer necessities have to be kept away from Toronto's scenic locations, and have to be properly contained in places further away, towards outskirts of GTA, just in case the socio-economic mess were to leak, or spill, or cause a toxic fallout. Somebody like Jay usually isn't the character who has to play the role of the fall-guy though, a Shah is merely the guy who does some carrier work and 'creative' bookkeeping, for provincial ministers and ministries, by choosing the drop locations for dead-drops. The actual fall-guys who have to pick up the fed money, or other FedExed packages, at those locations for dead-drops, get appointed later.  

---

```
Abbreviations:
BDC        - Business Development Bank of Canada
EDC, EDCs  - Economic Development Corporation(s) 
GTA        - Greater Toronto Area (Ontario, Canada)
UWaterloo  - University of Waterloo

```