# 1. Systematized Harms and Systemic Wrongdoers 

>Systematization involves creation and maintenance of interactive links that produce a kinematic effect. A kinematic effect is observed when repeatable and precise actions of connected parts are achieved, strictly due to the way those parts are mutually linked.

>Additionally, linked parts are connected via a control structure, so that signaling mechanisms and triggers relayed within the system through its linkages, can produce a particular range of movements, with their corresponding set of actions performed by the system's end-effectors. Those eventual actions are guided by the degrees of freedom of the parts, linked to the controlling structure. 
>
>Thus, a centralized, or a distributed form of systemic control can be achieved, through different configurations of the network of linked parts which feed into, and derive information from, the controlling structure.

In this series of articles, we will look at the network of purposefully linked agencies in and around Kitchener-Waterloo Region, Ontario, along with their distributed control structures. 

We will first look at a few organizations and their notable members, surrounding University of Waterloo's (UWaterloo's) business and residential ecosystem. This will provide insights into the types of cultural structures embedded within and around UWaterloo, that produce various outputs through the embodied roles and actions of interconnected entities. Positive and beneficial outputs do come about through the interactions of such entities towards private as well as public good. However, we will focus on the targeted harms done by those very same structures, to unassuming groups of people at an international-scale. This form of systemic malfeasance has remained incorrigibly endemic, among key institutions of Ontario, Canada. 

Saving the best for the last, *Section 4. Open Letters* showcases the connections between particular individuals affiliated to UWaterloo. Those individuals have continued to supply approbations, policies, tools, and instruments for use by culture carriers, managers, enforcers, and operatives of various Canadian organizations. Those instructed and equipped workers, in turn, have continued to carry out harmful and even genocidal activities, against profiled groups of people. Additional details as well as physical evidence of how control-directives are communicated and shared among those insidious agents, for the purposes of committing systematic violations and offenses against their targets, along with the material contents of those communications, are provided in *[The File.](https://github.com/true-hindsight/grim-realities/blob/main/navigating-this-gitrepo.md#20-navigating-this-documentation)* 

---

```
Abbreviations:
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada

```
