## 3. Systemic Connectivity from The Municipalities to University Programs

Now, let's look at the more crude and unsophisticated ways in which Canada's federal money is used, misused, and abused within Kitchener-Waterloo Region. 

The federal money routed via the cities of Waterloo and Kitchener finds its way to Communitech where part of it is disbursed to: programs from UWaterloo like Velocity, as well as other programs of McMaster and Wilfrid Laurier Universities. For now, let me draw your focus and attention towards Velocity, that happens to be a UWaterloo sponsored program inside Communitech's building called The Tannery. Velocity program's main operations have continued along the lines of providing business incubation space, to local startups that are usually founded by UWaterloo's students and graduates. 

Velocity, as an anchor tenant in The Tannery building, pays rent to Communitech, and thus the rent along with direct advisory support from university leadership is a very sizable, and a direct contribution from UWaterloo, Waterloo, Ontario, to Communitech, Kitchener, Ontario. Facilitating the smooth give and take between the university and regional private conglomerates, is the main purpose of Communitech's existence. 

Within the physical area of Communitech's building that is rented out to Velocity, a number of selected student startups are given dedicated desks and a few other office-like amenities. The main thing that Velocity takes pride in, in terms of its special services provided to selected startups, has been the set of mentors and coaches hired by Velocity who provide consultation to startup founders. Those Velocity employees who play the role of mentors and coaches, are advertised as being on-par with any other well-qualified engineering and business professionals, with knowledge and expertise in various aspects of communication, trade, business creation, technology management, product management, project commercialization, and business growth. 

All seemingly above-board and grand, up until this point. 

So, let us now have a look at the abusive activities of a few mentors and coaches in Velocity. We will look at the forceful ways in which they advice startup founders to adopt illegitimate business practices, whenever and wherever possible. The mentors and coaches named herein, were hired as UWaterloo employees, and were appointed by UWaterloo's leadership to work in Velocity, during the years 2017 - 2020. The administrative group that governs the overall Velocity program, and invests university resources towards favorable looking startups via the program's coordinators, is comprised of Velocity's employees along with several staff as well as faculty members of UWaterloo. These administrative members tend to act as advisors to private startups in formal, as well as informal capacities, without having any board membership in those companies. The following named persons are only a few of the many offenders, who were part of Velocity's administrative group. 

<details><summary><h3>a) Brad</h3></summary>

I forgot his last name. But that's not important. Brad was an early employee of a company known as BufferBox founded by Jay Shah. So when Jay Shah became the director of Velocity, Brad was appointed as a paid employee of Velocity, in the formal capacity of a business coach/mentor. So no cronyism there, right? 

Any ways, Brad's job was to provide assistance to founders of startups incubated in Velocity, within the context of business challenges faced by those founders, and also to give the usual pep-talk to founders with business related catch-phrases, and buzzwords. 

- Brad was all about "the bro-culture", and loved to share business quotes from Twitter, which were utterly useless for most founders trying to work on their technology intensive business ventures. So, the male founders had come up with either of two ways, in dealing with the daily and weekly disturbances created by Brad. 

    - One was to ask him point blank, if he needed anything from us, and if he didn't, we would simply ask him to go away. 

    - The other way was to, "'shoot the hay' with Brad, as bros." 

        Some of the male founders had figured out that if they entertained Brad with some flattery about his chicken farm, for fifteen or twenty minutes, he would leave them alone for the rest of the week. Brad thought of himself as an 'entrepreneur' in the agriculture industry and poultry farming sector, because he loved his chicken farm and was able to supply 50 to 60 free-range eggs, to a few customers in and around Kitchener, once every two or three weeks. Each egg sold by Brad was more than $4.00 Canadian dollars, depending on the week's supply. Compared to the eggs sold in grocery stores that were $0.80 dollars each, and the ones in the Kitchener Farmers' Market that were $1.30 each; Brad had a nifty business operation going on, with his free-range chickens.  

- Brad was indeed super enthusiastic about providing a pep-talk to all startup founders whether they needed it or not but, he was far more enthusiastic about bullying women entrepreneurs. Each day, Brad would show up for an hour or two at Communitech, walk around like a pit-boss, and then re-assign the desks allocated to few female students of UWaterloo who were working out of Velocity. He would keep shuffling them around, for no reason what-so-ever.  

- Sadly, one of the female founders who used to have a desk next to us in Velocity, eventually got fed up with Brad taking her personal stuff and tossing it in some other corner of Velocity's co-working space, every other week. So, she simply quit and left Velocity.

</details>


<details><summary><h3>b) Crista Renner</h3></summary>

Crista was (is) a UWaterloo graduate, with a master's degree in "Peace and Conflict Studies" along with a focus on "Conflict Resolution." She was also a startup founder in the region at some point in her career. The conflict between Crista Renner as a mentor and my startup, which was a part of Velocity in 2017, went something like this — 

- Crista would come each week to our desk in Velocity, and talk to us about how my co-founder and I needed to be more 'scrappy.' The first two weeks Crista told us that, I didn't understand what it meant, so I didn't think much of it. During the third week Crista came by our desks, she was particularly cross with us, she spoke to us about how our business performance wasn't up to the expectation of Velocity mentors (herself and Brad) because we weren't 'scrappy' enough. So I asked her what we needed to scrap from our desk, or from our business model. To which she replied that we needed to be more *scrappy* with our customers and then she went away. 

- A few days later Crista again came to us, but this time to clarify what she had meant during previous conversations. I believe this was because I had spoken to Jay Shah (Velocity's in-charge and Director) that Crista's advice to us made no sense, and her constant badgering with meaningless instructions kept disrupting our daily workflow. So this time around, Crista explained to my co-workers and I, that she expected us to be "go-getters", and to be more 'scrappy.' When I asked her how were we supposed to be scrappy, she explained that we needed to acquire more customers by joining Facebook groups for persons living with Alzheimer's, and then after taking the personal contacts of people from those online groups, we were to cold-call each of them about our business offering. 

- At that point I became very irritated with Crista and told her that it was already illegal in Canada, to acquire private contact details of persons using phishing and stalking techniques. She said that it wasn't illegal to secretly get private information of people by joining their Facebook groups. She also said that *if we didn't show the initiative to be more aggressive and 'scrappy' in our customer acquisition strategy, then it meant that we were too soft, and that we did not deserve to be in Velocity.* 

- As annoyed as I was from hearing that word again (scrappy); I couldn't do anything about it at that moment. So I politely told Crista that we would continue to do our work in accordance with our business standards, and with the necessary respect that our customers deserved, even if it meant leaving Velocity for good. 

- It was evident that Crista was merely regurgitating the phrase about being scrappy, which was embedded in her by her coaches and mentors from the region. 

- When that 'tough conversation' with Crista was finally over, and after she returned to her office, I looked up the word, "scrappy person." It means, 

    >"a person who is ready and willing for a fight; a brawler." 

    This made much less sense to me back then, compared to what I had thought it meant, because it made me wonder why were my co-founder and I expected to be like brawlers — with elderly clients who have Alzheimer's! For quite a few minutes that day, I wondered, "why would anybody want to get 'scrappy' with elderly caregivers of people living with dementia?" 
    
    The elderly spouse and adult children of people with severe memory challenges were our main point of contact for a client, and they were also the primary end-users of our startup services. They were already physically and financially worn thin due to stresses of caring for their terminally ill family member. Why would anybody want to add to their troubles by getting scruffy with them like a cheap used-car salesman, or a petty pickpocket in a dark alley? 

- Was there some kind of a communication gap between Crista Renner, and my team, during those weekly conversations? Was there a misunderstanding? No. 

>It is no mistake when a person with authority repeatedly instructs you to do illegal things with threats of doing harm to you for not obeying. 

The type of repeated hostile behavior demonstrated by Crista Renner, in strongly inducing other people to do unethical or illegal things, is a habitual violation committed by those who have gotten accustomed to abusing their position of authority with impunity. Such violators know perfectly well that 'the establishment' they are a part of, will come to their rescue and protect them, regardless of the abuses they commit, as long as they remain 'loyal' to the establishment's culture of exploiting the confidence of unassuming people entrusted to their care. 

</details>


<details><summary><h3>c) Jay Shah</h3></summary>

Jay's main qualifications appear to come from his experience as a co-founder of BufferBox, where Brad worked along with Jay as his right-hand man. 

As retold by Jay during a public talk given by him in Communitech: he was personally responsible and instrumental, in securing a multi-million dollar exit from BufferBox, by being the key person who promised bomb-detection systems within his company's lock-boxes, to Amazon Inc., which then acquired his company. 

BufferBox had a kiosk interface for lockers with a digital key in the form of a one time password, that was messaged to the registered mobile phone of its subscribing customers. But, BufferBox's physical drop-off sites out on the street, in various cities where the kiosk-lockers were located, were unmanned and not monitored like the P.O.Box lockers in post offices. So, during negotiations on the acquisition term sheet offered by Amazon Inc., when an Amazon executive asked about hazardous or dangerous things being mailed to a BufferBox site, Jay simply lied to the Amazon exec saying that each BufferBox locker was going to have *bomb-detectors, which were already being tested with some success.* Saying this lie, then got them the multi-million dollar buy-out deal, as publicly admitted (bragged) by him during that talk. The talk was given during a set of events promoted by Communitech for introducing Jay Shah as the new director of Velocity. During those years, Jay also simultaneously held board memberships in various organizations in the Kitchener-Waterloo Region, like the Waterloo EDC.

The following are a series of interactions that my startup team and I had with Jay, during the year 2017-2018:

- A week following the latest incident about my co-founder and I refusing to get 'scrappy' with potential customers, our startup moved to a different part of Velocity, which had different mentors and coaches. But when I had taken up the issue of being repeatedly and forcefully prodded to steal private data of vulnerable people via Facebook groups, I was told by Jay that he didn't see anything wrong with it. He added that it was not unethical for Crista Renner to keep insisting for us to follow her advice because she was a knowledgeable and seasoned expert, in the field of business creation. I had disagreed with Jay on those points, and had asked that the issue of "being forcibly told to perform unethical deeds against vulnerable people with threats of being removed from Velocity for not complying with the forced suggestions," be reported to UWaterloo's office of human resources, and to its ethics committee. At that point in our discussion, I was told by Jay that he couldn't do so because "UWaterloo policies did not apply to Velocity, for it was not on campus property." 

- I then discussed with Jay that Velocity was a UWaterloo program that existed mainly because of the university's approbations, funding, and managerial support. Velocity even used (and still uses) the official "University of Waterloo Logo" in all of its communications, as well as on the walls of the area designated and known as, "The Pit in The Tannery Building," which was exclusively rented out to Velocity. All of those facts properly indicated that Velocity would have to be under UWaterloo's supervision and governance policies, regarding ethical treatment of human beings, including students and graduates. Jay then reiterated the same excuse, about Velocity being under the physical premises of Communitech, which was a part of the City of Kitchener through funding from its municipal groups, and therefore, Velocity did not need to be held accountable to the codes of conduct of its parent university. Jay also added that because there was no code of conduct violations, or any kind of an ethical violations from his perspective, there was no harm and no foul done by Velocity employees against any of the student groups or startups. It also turned out that there was no written "code of conduct" followed by Velocity during that year in 2017.
    
- **The harm done to UWaterloo students and graduates like ourselves, was very clear and overt:** Our peace and business operations along with that of many other student founders, especially of women founders, was constantly and intentionally disrupted by bullying and forceful threats of eviction from Velocity, if we did not obey the instructions of Velocity employees to carry out unethical and illegitimate business activities. 

- All of the above-mentioned errors and harms impacting startup founders, were entirely preventable. However, Velocity simply never had a formal code of conduct or a set of proper ethical values, that were formally shard among its members, since its inception. Velocity as a university program, was created around the year 2008-2009, within UWaterloo, by the university's student and faculty members. So in a way, one may conceive that there was no foul committed by Velocity employees with respect to a non-existing set of codes and norms, for ethical and equitable treatment of persons impacted by its activities. But, that would still be a farce!

</details>

From the above discussion about the conduct of various members appointed to managerial and leadership roles in UWaterloo's Velocity program, it is glaringly evident that constant and deliberate misuse, and abuse, of the administrative authority and trust vested in persons like Jay Shah, was carried out during their directorship. It is also evident that because of cronyism prevalent within the university's flagship programs, the types of abuses and wrongdoings common in Velocity, became normalized and culturally solidified via the approbations of the region's leadership in places like Waterloo EDC, who had appoint those unworthy persons to positions of high esteem, privilege, and authoritative control. All of such individuals with official powers over student groups did, and have continued to devastatingly break the lives of students, by directly interfering with student startups and development groups, within the gray-zone of 'non-academic, off-campus university programs.' This is downright unethical and appalling! 

In the year 2020, Jay Shah left Velocity as its director to work on other projects, projects where he, as expected, neglected city ordinances and ignored the need for safety of people he had hired to renovate his newly purchased building for his next gray-area venture. Construction workers he had hired naturally quit when they ran into asbestos in his building because he had failed to follow the codes and norms of the city, concerning building renovation. Penalties and fines levied by the city on that project were eventual paid, and the project was built with the appropriate building codes. Of course, by then the Covid-19 pandemic had occurred. During the early months of the pandemic in 2020, there simply weren't any authorities in the province, nor leaders in any other corporate or community based entities, that had any clue, about adopting necessary safety measures within buildings and outdoors areas of the city, for preventing the spread of the Corona virus. 

It is plainly evident that the habitual disregard for safety, and rampant abuse of power by authority figures to encourage impressionable students and founders to adopt dishonesty and cheating as a means to 'get ahead', is an endemic cultural issue within the province of Ontario. And this endemic cultural issue has continued to persist due to the injurious nature of the predatory ethos shared by Ontario's economic development, business-creation, and entrepreneurship related groups and programs. 

We have thus come to observe: how a range of unethical standards and values set by officials in provincial government, flows directly through formal and informal links among influential people holding positions within privileged public and private groups, at various provincial as well as municipal levels of organization. Those obnoxiously problematic designs and systemic policies, handed down via coordinating agencies and corporations, are then enforced by hired cronies with fancy titles like 'mentors and coaches.' Any persons or groups who resist the corrupting influence of those wrongful leaders and their cronies, get marginalized and abused. 

The problematic behaviors, and adversarial culture prevalent in organizations like UWaterloo, has been established  and systematically propagated by persons in leadership positions of: Ontario's government bodies and its regional structures. This type of systemic malfeasance has a wide range of negative impacts on students and young professionals. The negative impacts on persons attending university programs, and on those who have graduated from the university to become startup founders, had been reported to UWaterloo administrators on numerous occasions, **for more than eight consecutive years,** particularly by women who had been mistreated in Velocity during the directorship of Mike Kirkup. 

**During all of those years, UWaterloo's stance and attitude was the same, as it is currently: ignore, deny, deflect, circumvent, stall, and then stonewall with abrogating silence.** 

The facts and materials disclosed in this article aren't merely a matter of optics, nor is any of this, 'simply a matter of perception' held by only a single UWaterloo alumnus. Replacing Mike Kirkup with Jay Shah didn't change anything within the organizational environment and ethos of UWaterloo, it only made the "bro-culture" of Velocity and the systemic problems of the region, more hurtful and harmful to student groups and graduates, in much more overt and explicit ways than it used to be during Mike's directorship. 

---

```
Abbreviations:
EDC, EDCs  - Economic Development Corporation(s)
UWaterloo  - University of Waterloo

```