<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./05-06.md
  [Next]: ./05-08.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

## 5.7 Not to Princess Anne

Dear Anne,

This here is a complaint of how you happened to strongly encourage MBET students towards, "embracing business models that are in the gray-area, or the gray zone, of morality and ethics." 

The specific incident I'd like to bring up involved you inviting a guest speaker to your lecture, during the cohort of 2016. The guest speaker's name isn't as important as his venture capital firm, and the business model adopted by that firm. The guest speaker's venture happened to bring underprivileged youth from Africa to Canada with the promise of having them join professional sports leagues in Canada. Those youth, sometimes (more like, often) didn't even get to see the inside of a sports arena in Canada. They instead ended up in menial jobs because apparently, they didn't do well in qualifiers. Or due to certain other hiccups in their transfer to a professional sports team, the youth brought to Canada from targeted countries, had to work for that guest speaker, in low paying jobs unrelated to sports training, to pay off their compounding debts to him. 

***Sponsoring or bringing a disenfranchised person to North America from Central or South America, and Africa, using the guise of athletics training or a promise for a spot on a professional sports team,*** to then have the trapped athlete pay off their increasing debt to the sponsor by working in odd jobs, has been a standard play in the modern slave-trader's playbook. Teaching students to indulge in the gray-area of *human-trafficking and bonded labor trade* isn't a particularly useful, nor a needed aspect of a study program's curriculum, within any school of any country. 

There genuinely has never been a proper course in MBET about ethics in business venture creation, has there? Has one ever been included in graduate or undergraduate ["BET"](https://uwaterloo.ca/conrad-school-entrepreneurship-business/graduate-students/master-business-entrepreneurship-and-technology/courses) classes? How about other business related programs or courses offered by UWaterloo, or by Wilfrid Laurier University? Will there ever be a focus on prioritizing the needs of vulnerable groups of people, impacted by ventures and projects? Who knows, right? 

And why is it that UWaterloo has continued to promote entrepreneurship with a lack of emphasis, or rather, a particularly direct de-emphasis on having higher standards for ethics in engineering and business? Well, maybe not in the actual Engineering School. The proper Engineering School in UWaterloo has had that whole deal and tradition of the school's graduation ring which, primarily serves to constantly remind graduates about concepts like safety, security, and responsibility. But not in Conrad School, and not in MBET that used to be housed within the university's engineering department, when **the Conrad Center was not a separate or a separable autonomous school.** 

Prioritizing safety, security, and responsibility of care for impacted individuals is most certainly never talked about, or even mentioned in the Velocity program, and in The Accelerator Center. Nor do such necessary topics feature saliently in the remaining region's venture based endeavors. It appears that such is the tragic cultural norm adopted by special interest groups, and various socio-political networks of people in the region, because the reflected glory of the Engineering School of UWaterloo can be used as a token shield, that allows the rest of the organizations in the region and province, to get away with things like: 

- A UWaterloo based company named BufferBox, which made dodgy claims of having bomb-detectors fixed into its lockers or other public lock-boxes, was sold to Amazon Inc., for more than $15 million CAD. This was done with the help of employers, contractors, coaches, mentors, partners, and investors from the Kitchener-Waterloo Region, and from the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario. As new entrepreneurs or business persons, all of you are encouraged to follow in the footsteps of that company by taking advantage of the province's 'fruitfulness.' Don't let ethics or other moral considerations get in the way of your 'deserved' prosperity. 

>The MBET program has found numerous ways of replacing or circumventing the core tenets of business administration coursework, and of other accredited courses leading to professionalism in engineering, or in business management. It has also found ways of replacing the goals of public service, social responsibility, and ecological responsibility in organizational management, with those of: short-term financial exit based, high-risk and high-technology oriented ventures. 

Anne, as you can see, you have been doing UWaterloo's dirty work in creating, delivering, and popularizing course materials that train students to prioritize the financial interests of a venture's investors, above the health and safety related concerns of people impacted by the use of products and services commercialized by those ventures. Indeed, the newest and most eager recruit in a predatory organization is usually made to do the most laborious, dirty work, so that the organization's leadership can keep their hands clean while making sure that new recruits get properly indoctrinated, into the organization's deleterious culture. Of course, when severe legal and ethical issues of the reckless organization come to light, it is usually the newest recruits who get scapegoated by the in-group's leaders. Those leaders, by the way, conveniently get to escape scot-free, without facing any repercussions or consequences of their bad deeds.

So, Anne, you are free to take this criticism as you like. You can ignore it, deny it, be indifferent about it, or address it in any manner you see fit. Or even have your family patriarch defend your position on any of the subject matter, in this set of conflicts between UWaterloo and MBET graduates. However, you may concede that if you have your family pull strings, or represent you in your work, or if they were to somehow get more directly involved, then things could go side-ways for UWaterloo very quickly. As you may know too well, some people don't pivot, they instead just bulldoze, steamroll, and then stonewall.
        
The last thing I can add here, dear Anne, which might be of vital consequence to MBET management specifically, and to UWaterloo as well as its council in general, is that: all of this matter was only being discussed within the confines of "la familia" of UWaterloo. As you can observe, now things have changed. 

This situation indeed, includes the missteps and violations of the Ontario Ministry of Education, and of other federal organizations in Canada such as Universities Canada. All of this needs to go out to federal prosecutors and public interest litigators immediately! How else are the thousands of students who have been wronged across multiple Canadian universities because of artificially propped up degrees like MBET, supposed to get restitution and recompense? 

---

```
Abbreviations:
BET       - Business Entrepreneurship and Technology (Study courses and classes)
CAD       - Canadian Dollars
MBET      - Master's of Business Entrepreneurship and Technology 
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo
```

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./05-06.md
  [Top]: ./05-07.md#57-not-to-princess-anne
  [Next]: ./05-08.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>