<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./05-03.md
  [Next]: ./05-05.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

## 5.4 Not To Prince Philip

Dear Philip,

You were the first person in Canada who went around illegitimately digging into my personal and private data. Your notable acts of breaching my trust were to gain my confidence in a clever manner, and to then have me provide you permission to access my Facebook data using various Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) for your 'social media research project', during the year 2015-2016. 

Since 2009, whenever the kinds of APIs propagated by Cambridge Analytica have been used against my Facebook profile, they have notified a set of algorithms which were monitoring my Facebook data for privacy and security breaches. 

There is a reason why you couldn't find much data from the years 2007 to 2014, in my Facebook profile. Most of it was scrubbed so that I could put away my knowledge of contributions I had made, to the US based research lab I used to work in, towards research and development of unmanned defense platforms. My publicly viewable social media data from those years is sparse, and has remained inaccessible to non-intrusive methods available to the public, so that I'm not reminded about that period of my lifetime. But, you managed to set off alarms, as soon as you betrayed my trust, and dug into that data *using prying methods.* However, I had initially forgiven you by assuming that you might have had a legitimate research project, and that you might have only mistakenly or unwittingly used the types of APIs and hooks, which are used for crookedly obtaining more private and confidential data from Facebook accounts. 

You even vectored a tablet that had viruses into my home, that has continued to harm my ex-wife. Your covert and deplorable tactics might be justifiable and rightful from your perspective, and also from the perspective your authorizing supervisors. But they are ultimately wrongful and illegitimate in my view because they caused harms and injuries to my family, in the most fiendishly treacherous, manipulative, and insidious ways possible. 

Philip, would you agree that your views on what counts as 'normal and acceptable, behaviors and outlook of a person', arise from you being deeply influenced by a culture brought to North America, by Western Settlers from Europe? 

Your answer to the above question is pertinent to this situation. It is also important in probing your motives and state of mind, in choosing to commit dastardly deeds against me and my family. In any case, you might as well start here, with the following link, before you may decide to hide behind a wall of silence; and continue to fail in the leadership roles conferred upon you, through your affiliations with universities in Canada and the USA: 

> https://www.apa.org/about/policy/racism-apology 

Philip, as a culture carrier, you were also the first one in Canada to taint my records, by misusing your position of power and authority, in breach of my trust and confidentiality. Here is how I came to learn that. 

Each time a Canadian agent or agency has tried to injure me and my honor, they have been able to do so and then get away with it, by underhandedly exploiting the privileges and controls accessible to them, via their institutional garb and fiduciary roles. Every attempt at spiking my private records held in various agencies or institutes in Canada, by directed agents under the aegis of their benefactors, has produced compounding ill effects on my life, livelihood, relationships, good reputation, and dignity. As evidenced in *The File,* such compounding problems have occurred, with subsequent bad actors in and around Ontario, using the sets of poisoned data made available to them via coordinating agencies, as an excuse to further tarnish my records using insidious techniques. They have continued to perpetrate their targeted and discriminatory activities, in ways that are typically invisible to persons in my position, so that they can deliberately put someone like me in harm's way. I eventually came to learn about which particular actors had introduced rot into my records to push me towards injuries and harms, by applying to receive my personal and confidential data that was locked away in various Canadian institutes, using the "Right of Information Act." It took months and hundreds of dollars in fees to collect those records.

Now, how is it that in Canada, the private and personal data of an individual has been made so onerously inaccessible, or even unavailable, to its rightful owner, by the so-called custodians or handlers of that data? 

How is it that the individual the data actually belongs to, cannot even be allowed to have a copy of what is rightfully their own records, without needing to go through bureaucratic hurdles? How is it that private denizens in Canada are still being prevented from even viewing their data, so that errors in those records can be identified and corrected immediately, instead of letting them compound with each new error and institutional malpractice? 

The policies, instruments, and mechanisms used for causing harm to profiled individuals in Canada, using the guise of protecting and serving those very same individuals, have typically been highly efficient and immediate in producing their damaging effects. The insidious techniques are also thrust upon targeted groups and communities due to bigoted and discriminatory motivations of state-sponsored agencies. 

Moreover, such targeting methods that use official and confidential data of a person to harm them, are systematized, that is, deployed in a systematic manner for causing inter-generational harms. Instead of using overt techniques of physical violence that leave evidence on the injured person's body, state-sponsored wrongdoers incorporate clandestine and pernicious techniques that attack socio-economic, psychological, and neuro-endocrine aspects of the targeted person's life. Such injury-causing, systematized tools, have continued to be wielded by agents of state-sponsored institutions as well as other private corporations in Canada, for serial targeting of profiled individuals on a daily basis, since decades. 

***However, the mechanisms for rectifying the hazards and wrongs generated by systematic institutional activities, don't even exist!*** 

A few civic instruments or mechanisms that tend to work in favor of harmed individuals, to help identify wrongdoings of government-backed agencies, are deliberately obfuscated behind bureaucracy, high costs, and time wasting delays by officials; all of which only serve to cause already harmed individuals to suffer attrition, torment, as well as further traumas from debilitating injuries and increasing burdens.

Philip, your pernicious, sly and conniving wrongdoings, committed against students and graduates through your official roles as an instructor, and as an executive member of MBET in UWaterloo, cannot be forgiven nor forgotten. 

---

```
Abbreviations:
APIs      - Application Programming Interfaces
MBET      - Master's of Business Entrepreneurship and Technology 
US, USA   - United States of America
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo
```

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./05-03.md
  [Top]: ./05-04.md#54-not-to-prince-philip
  [Next]: ./05-05.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>