<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./05-05.md
  [Next]: ./05-07.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

## 5.6 Not to King George

Dear George, 

Aye-yai-yai-yai-yai! Where should I even begin? Well, let's start with arguments posed by you to students in a "604 MBET class" of the 2016 cohort —

- This is about an incident involving a group discussion with you, wherein you were provided straightforward feedback from various students during the class, about MBET's ineffectiveness, particularly due to its "lack of T in MBET curriculum." An often used and spoken about phrase among students, and alumni, about "MBET lacking the T," was expressed collectively and out loud, during a classroom discussion, to indicate that engineering and <b>T</b>echnology related subjects have never been adequately covered within the MBET coursework. 

- The discussion presented by students during that incident, had also stressed on the lack of sufficiently relevant materials being taught by course providers, about the practicum of actual venture creation. At the end of that discussion, your ultimate response while dismissing the feedback was something to the effect of, "We already have your money, so what can you do now?" More like, you said exactly those words, but I'd like to claim that I'm paraphrasing over here. 

George, my guess is that you haven't only used those types of rationales with the batch of students from the year 2015 - 2016, and have often repeated them in arguments or discussions with other cohorts of students as well. 

I'm going to leave it at that with the above anecdote because I tend to feel sorry for those who can't seem to care about the cultural needs of the younger generation, and of any so-called misfits. 

George, have you completely fallen out of grace in my eyes, and in the eyes of various students of numerous MBET cohorts? I believe not yet. I believe that you might have had your reasons for phrasing your rationales with your usual mannerisms. Other students might not have been as understanding as me, especially ones from China. 

So, the way those kinds of phrases have been taken by students may be amended or repaired. Maybe. 

Entrepreneurship in Canada has become a sausage of vocational concepts and theories, which isn't yet properly defined among Canadian universities that provide it as coursework, alongside the reflected glory from other legitimate and accredited courses of a university. This has allowed students to get lured by the buzzword of entrepreneurship, who are then handed something cleverly termed as 'intrapreneurship' via programs like MBET. This is not only a cheap cop-out for delivering a half-baked degree, but a standard bait-and-switch tactic. Moreover, the main ineffectiveness of MBET is because of its missing content. MBET has always had an entire year's worth of necessary coursework related to ethics, safety, privacy, engineering, and technology missing from it. 

There could still be a way for MBET to improve itself, to become a proper masters degree that provides accredited training to people who would seek to apply such a degree to a professional vocation. There could also be a way for UWaterloo to redeem itself by apologizing to, and compensating, all harmed students as well as alumni of the MBET program. But, those kinds of possibilities may never come to fruition, if UWaterloo keeps deploying its antics for defending its inconsiderate and abrogating position — against evidence of continued misdeeds and wrongdoings committed via its policies, administration, and faculty members. 

---

```
Abbreviations:
MBET      - Master's of Business Entrepreneurship and Technology 
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo
```

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./05-05.md
  [Top]: ./05-06.md#56-not-to-king-george
  [Next]: ./05-07.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>