<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./04-00.md
  [Next]: ./05-01.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

## 5. Open Letters 

In the following sections, the names of the persons to whom respective open letters are addressed, are aliased to spare them a bit of embarrassment. Some of them are utterly irresponsible people who have remained simply oblivious about their year's of harmful activities, and professional misconduct; there are also those have been considerably aware of their wrongdoings but have chosen to be repeat offenders, across decades, and have continued to blatantly commit numerous violations, including major felonies involving international-scale financial crimes as well as frauds. And then, there are those who have continued to perpetrate industrially orchestrated genocidal activities by supplying approbations and tools to proxy agents, while remaining cleverly indemnified, and also hidden from public view, behind the shield of tenured professorship.

There are even those, who are unfortunate by-standards caught in the fallout of the nefarious deeds being committed by their colleagues in UWaterloo.

However, one person who is a public figure and is identified by their actual name as well as photo, is only included here among these open letters so that they may deeply introspect, about how they were strung along by UWaterloo Conrad School for their endorsement of MBET, and of that which used to be known as Conrad Center. They are to come clean if they have knowingly been an integral part of the wretched, and clandestine set of activities perpetrated by UWaterloo's leadership in scamming students via MBET. This person, as you will come to learn in the following sections, is Larry Smith.  

It must have already become obvious to readers that I have a fair bit of condemnation to dole out, to the following group of people who are heading in the direction of becoming truly disdain worthy. Should they choose to remain apathetic, remorseless, dismissive, treacherous, dishonorable, and ingloriously reprehensible, without paying for their crimes and by not even halting their dastardly deeds, then, they will most certainly need to face the consequences of having chosen to do so, won't they? 

As for handling such matters discretely and privately, away from the public's eye: those options have already been exhausted <ins>to no avail.</ins> So, now, let us continue to the next set of articles.

---

```
Abbreviations:
MBET      - Master's of Business Entrepreneurship and Technology 
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo
```

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./04-00.md
  [Top]: ./05-00.md#5-open-letters 
  [Next]: ./05-01.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>