<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./05-04.md
  [Next]: ./05-06.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

## 5.5 Not to Princess Margaret

Dear Margaret, 

You might claim that you haven't done anything targeted against me. However, one of the reasons you are being included here, is because of your work and research in implementing "blue-ocean strategies" for quietly eliminating persons like me, en mass. You do provide a focus for students on blue-ocean strategies in MBET. And they can be considerably effective for a venture, or a project, or a pogrom. 

The network of Canadian and American entities that are interconnected via government bodies like US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), do have a culture of adopting blue-ocean strategies, especially for their "blue-sky projects." And blue-sky projects of defense research and development (R&D) groups, as well as those of corporate-giants, only begin — where the jurisdictions and jurisprudence of all known courtrooms have come to an end. 

Successful blue-sky projects do serve to eventually improve the reach of judiciary systems by providing jurists knowledge they hadn't previously been able to look into and study. Failed commercial blue-sky projects on the other hand, can cause implosions that result in worse outcomes than bankruptcies for stakeholders, and failed industrial ones can even contribute significantly to setting off economic recessions. 

As you may know, a little too well, blue-sky projects with blue-ocean strategies are easier to justify within a government's budgeting operations, regardless of the great risks associated with them. This is mainly because blue-sky projects with blue-ocean strategies, tend to more naturally highlight the necessity of allowing a military, or a defense group, to do their "earnest work." For instance, a military with its cyber-warfare units is needed for dealing with situations that exceed the capabilities of existing civil law-enforcement procedures. In the context of entrepreneurship, almost all major inventions and discoveries in the real world have created new types of conflicts, including new types of instruments for socio-economic and cybernetic warfare. New discoveries and inventions have also given rise to new types of corporate entities, that tend to eventually reside, entirely outside the reach of every government's legislative powers and authority. 

Many of the harmful effects produced by those new types of technologies, and the illegitimate activities of companies that propel blue-sky projects, are too often, and quite exceedingly, outside the bounds of civil courtrooms and judiciary systems. For example, unpredictably problematic issues are currently being felt by the world due to a rampant proliferation of "artificial intelligence" based technologies; unethically deployed by corporations that operate via shell-companies with off-shore accounts held on islands, in turquoise and deep-blue seas. 

>What exactly can a policing unit of a municipality do, against algorithmic trading bots, that can wipe out hundreds of billions of Euros in public investments, from international banking and shareholder equity markets, for no humanly discernible reasons? Those kinds of "black-boxed" trading algorithms can incinerate pensions of police and other early responders, throughout a country like Canada or the USA. What will politicians, police, and fire fighters do once something of that sort happens? Join the "fire-sale!?"

So, even at the prototype stage of blue-sky projects built for government clients, R&D workers in law-enforcement and defense industries, compete for existing as well as future budgets, that have been appropriated, or earmarked within plans for long-term government procurements. They do so, with persons like yourself included, because the process of bidding for funding, and then building a commercially or industrially viable thing (starting from a prototype or research phase), can easily take more than five to ten years. As such, a blue-sky project with its blue-ocean strategy begins with accurately mapping the "red-oceans", which happen to be occupied by various groups of market players. 

Therefore, if somebody's work, such as yours, involves creating consulting based reports for government and private agencies that need to prepare outlays, for 25 or 35 year plans, then that person is likely to look for blue-ocean strategies, right?  

Consequently, Margaret, one of the reasons why your name is included here, is because, you are the most likely one in UWaterloo as well as in the whole of Ontario, to be able to better understand some of the nuanced phrasing and terminologies used in this strenuously produced set of 'tabloid', and ['editorial'](https://github.com/callthis/editorial/tree/main/docs#a-culture-of-ruinous-dishonesty-and-cheating-among-canadian-institutions) documents. Especially, because of your work in being a key member of, and a professional 'analyst' for, a number of Canadian state-sponsored high-risk long-term projects that have continued to promote blue-ocean strategies.

Your name is also included here because of **your involvement in the business dealings of [Health-IM](https://github.com/true-hindsight/grim-realities/blob/main/disclosed/git_repo-section_12-grim_realities_of_life_in_canada-2023_02_05.pdf),** and in propagating it in Ontario with an aim towards its further commercialization throughout Canada. It is possible that you've never known how poorly designed the software suite from Health-IM has continued to be, when it comes to preventing abuses of information technology by state-sponsored agencies. However, it is also possible that you did have sufficient awareness from your consulting based work, about its designs and usages, and also about its non-salable prototypical phase of production. None the less, you've helped promote and propagate inappropriate software tools such as Health-IM to law-enforcement, and healthcare agencies throughout Ontario, by giving it your approbations and endorsements. The surreptitious and genocidal consequences suffered by people in Canada, as a result of tools such as Health-IM software being used by state-sponsored agencies, do not appear to be accidental in the least bit. 

The main issue here is that: 

1. You used MBET students along with your influence within government bodies, to make Health-IM become more widely adopted among Ontario's public service agencies, by eliminating or downplaying every concern related to its safety for those impacted by its use, in favor of pushing data about its monetary value for its producers and purchasers.  

    1. And thus, in doing so repeatedly with numerous problematic blue-sky projects, you have been contributing to the region's endemic societal problems involving various acts of socio-economic abuse, committed by public and private sector entities; especially within the context of abuses committed by healthcare, judiciary, peacekeeping, and law-enforcement agencies of Ontario, Canada.  

There won't be a way for you to dodge, deny, or cover up the discovery of such deeds, because of the contents in published materials of blue-sky projects, that you have already submitted to various government bodies, and to clients who have continued to pay you for your lobbying services. Those materials already demonstrate that discussions about vulnerable people whose lives were most at risk, due to project implementation, were simply eliminated, or sidelined, in favor of highlighting proforma financial performance indices of those projects; even when those projects notably posed a variety of hazards and high risks, to various segments of the public. 

As such, for emphasis, let me reiterate that, your name is included here because of your willful involvement with, and active roles in: 

- "promoting a culture that deliberately deprioritizes or devalues, and often, apathetically ignores issues of health, safety, security, and privacy of individuals impacted by risky ventures; particularly in the name of evaluating hypotheses for selected ventures via haphazard methods, instead of proper statistical design of experiments with suitable project management techniques." 

Yes, I'm rather disappointed with, and disapproving of the way in which the MBET coursework, including the course materials propagated by you, have never encouraged students to focus on the legal and physical safety based realities of ventures, and projects. Such topics had to be, and need to be prioritized by UWaterloo, at least going forward, with appropriate levels of education provided to students on subject matter related to national and international regulatory standards. This is particularly a problematic blind-spot, and a gap, that has been deliberately maintained within Ontario's business ecosystem; especially with regards to topics covering business strategies for innovation and technology management. Such a gap and necessity, ought to have been evident to you, mostly because you have already been involved in research about, "the regulation of value-networks", for more than a decade, as an integral member of the inner-circle of advisers with access to, and influence within, provincial as well as federal governments. 

There cannot be a values based, or a values driven network of actors in a market, or a geography, if those values simply ignore, downplay, hinder, or scuttle: the privacy, confidentiality, safety, security, and special needs of impacted individuals. And that too, for merely the sake of increasing one-or-the-other producer's profit margins. These are also the reasons for why I am still trying to consider the safety and special needs of MBET and UWaterloo members, including alumni — within this set of disputes. 

Though there is a possibility that you will be able to comprehend each aspect of this documentation, there is also a possibility that you have mentally checked-out while reading this material, have already drifted off to your "happy place", and are going to remain impervious to all of these details brought to your knowledge, because of the training and coaching given to you by your handlers and superiors, throughout your career as an 'analyst.' 

Canada's regulatory policies have relied on the work done by you and other researchers like yourself. So, you may voluntarily choose to understand and accept, the reasons for why I am including your name over here, in this evolving situation that has yet to be appropriately managed or mitigated, by more suitable, sensible, and responsible actions of: UWaterloo and its accreditation based systems. 

I am only hoping that you will not abscond or migrate, before receiving your due, for your doctoral work.

---

```
Abbreviations:
DARPA     - Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (USA)
MBET      - Master's of Business Entrepreneurship and Technology 
R&D       - Research and Development
US, USA   - United States of America
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo
```

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./05-04.md
  [Top]: ./05-05.md#55-not-to-princess-margaret
  [Next]: ./05-06.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>