<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./05-01.md
  [Next]: ./05-03.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

## 5.2 Not All The King's Horses and All The King's Men

Dear Dwellers of Cloistered Chambers,

In a legal conflict that is brought to any kind of a courtroom, regardless of the outcome, most participating lawyers and incumbent judges do get paid boat-loads of money each year, for working on the type of matters highlighted in these 'editorial' and 'tabloid' articles. 

Accountants, bankers, board members of legal-accounting-and-consulting firms — these are the only professionals who benefit regardless of the direction, or twists and turns, any set of events may take. 

So, dear UWaterloo Legal and Accounting Team, did you forget that conflicts don't necessarily have to play out in a courtroom? Did you forget that your legitimate and worthwhile advice is your only currency? And did you truly forget that even a king's ransom paid out to you as a retainer, would simply turn into dust, if your advice has repeatedly worked towards generating more deleterious outcomes for your employers. 

And what exactly have your information technology and cyber-security teams been able to help you with, by letting you know that my computers' addresses happen to exist in a place where jurisdictions of Canadian statutory laws do not apply?

I'm going to let you figure out if your designs, and counsel, have helped UWaterloo's members and alumni, attain their best interests in scrupulous and honorable ways. 

> **By the way, my gregariousness in explaining these ordeals with some satirical content, is to merely help you increase your billable hours.** 

Now, while evaluating the 'prima-facie value' of the materials brought to your notice and attention, let us see if there are any lessons that can be learned from a recent case from Colombia University, Irving Medical Center, where a student had reported being ruinously harmed by the university's gynecologist: 

- Columbia University dragged its feet in responding to that reported issue, then played the usual act of being dismissive. 

- Soon afterwards, a number of students (and alumni) voiced their outrage in public media channels about Colombia University's dishonesty, and about having suffered devastating harms at the campus due to the misdeeds, and wrongdoings, of that very same gynecologist employed by the university. 

- Months and years went by following those public outcries and protests, but the university decided to pay little to no heed to victims and survivors, and instead, paid every bit of focused attention and resources to consultants and advisory groups, which the university had hired for managing the public relations fallout. 

- That public relations debacle continued to increase in magnitude and intensity, due to the reports of more problematic incidents at Columbia University being tolerated, or ignored, by its administrators, for years. 

Where has that case from Colombia University reached today? And what about similar cases from other North American universities, where the template adopted by those universities is practically the same, and goes somewhat like this — 

1. An occurrence of devastating events suffered by targeted individuals is reported to authority figures.   

1. The report is dismissed as unimportant, doubted as inaccurate or irrational, and rubbished as misinformation or lies by 'the establishment.'   

1. More number of people come forward with testimonies about having suffered years of systematic abuse, where the only reason for them to have suffered any abuse, was the fact that the victims belonged to a profiled and sectioned category of persons.

1. The authority figures try to downplay the more glaring evidence of serious, foundational faults and systematic errors plaguing its institutions. 

1. The institutions cause decay of evidence, and attrition to plaintiffs, with endless series of appeals and evasive maneuvers via court systems. 

1. The case gets buried by other noise and news reels dumped into media channels, to misguide public attention away from the faults and problems of the institutions that continue to harm, many more, snared and trapped victims.  

1. Eventually, after the lawyers, accountants, bankers, consultants, and expert witnesses have had their fill, the turn finally comes for the responsible and culpable parties to pay for remedies owed to victims and survivors, that is, pay for the justly owed restitution and remedies, that were long overdue. 

Does the above set of steps sound pretty much like the ones from the template that is sitting in your lap right now? 

In such matters, it is even possible that a member in your team will remark that all of this is, "so geeky and adorable." 

I don't know how *adorkable* an anthology of articles about genocides, organized crimes, years of embezzlement of public goods, and other systematized abuses is supposed to be. However, I'd like to say that your team ought to listen to one of your more senior members, who might say something like, 

> "This has teeth; it bites! And there are too many spooky things in here to simply ignore. We don't need to know what exactly this 'scuz' keeps referring to as, *The File,* just make sure that we keep a lid on it. There is obviously no way to keep things a secret anymore, but we need to move into high-gear and handle this matter like professionals. It's about time we fixed this, and got done with it!" 

As the weeks continue to progress, containing or confining this situation is going to become increasingly difficult, all the way to the point of impossibility. We have already reached a point of no-return with this publicly viewable set of articles. Also, if you have somehow managed to read *"Appendix VI, of The File,"* you must have noted that this can-opener of a letter, has caused *"Option 3, in Appendix VI,"* to vaporize. The remaining valid options from *The File's Appendix VI* are: 

1. To maintain the status-quo, where you continue to do what you have always done by being dismissive and belittling, and I continue to write seemingly endless anthologies that keep getting posted to public forums. Any consultants, diplomats or officials, negotiating with each other to settle such conflicts and issues, on behalf of victims and survivors, without ever consulting with any of us, would be equally effective in maintaining the status-quo.  

2. To change the status-quo by fulfilling the demands of this situation, as expressed in *"Option 2, of Appendix VI."* I don't have too many carrots to motivate you to buy into this option. Having respect for you and what you do in life, would be some kind of a carrot, wouldn't it? 

So yes, you might as well act, post-haste, in resolving these issues. Even if you feel that such serious matters were presented to you in a crude and distasteful manner, that isn't fashionable, and isn't to your fraternity's liking.

<strong>Most importantly, you do need to find out what exactly is in *The File,* if you haven't already, for reasons that are explained, in <i><a href="https://github.com/true-hindsight/grim-realities/blob/main/navigating-this-gitrepo.md#20-navigating-this-documentation">The File.</a></i></strong>

However, fixing this situation is going to require a whole lot more effort than paltry gestures of appeasement, with empty memoranda of understanding. Of course, "fixing" is not the right approach to take over here in the first place. Please instead direct your energies towards: mitigating this situation via sincere public apologies, and with satisfactory compensations and remedies, that are faithfully and dutifully delivered, in concordance with the wants and needs of all the parties grieved by UWaterloo and IRCC, in a timely manner.   

You will also come to learn that I'm not a scuz or a spook, nor am I your enemy. I'm merely here to collect on a long overdue debt, owed to persons like myself by Canadian entities like UWaterloo and IRCC. You only happen to see me as "different", because I simply have no such thing as a "mortal master" to whom I ought to pay homage, or a tribute. I am especially not the one who will ever pay homage to the so-called supreme leaders who installed stupidity and hatred among your institutions. Those leaders and rulers were racists to begin with, and they have no room for being accommodated in humanity's future, except as caricatures in memes. 

Speaking of ancient things from a by-gone era, there could be some kind of a Latin phrase that alludes to crimes involving the combination of: illegitimate, injurious, and ineffective products or services or practices, cunningly promoted via deliberate intentions to defraud consumers or customers, that have caused or have continued to cause damages to targeted individuals. It is possible that such statutory crimes have had some kind of mandatory minimum prison sentencing, and/or penalties, prescribed by applicable statutes, depending on the the magnitude of the damages caused by those crimes. But, I'm just guessing that such things might exist, or have existed. I suppose coordinated crimes involving discrimination are currently referenced using more modern terminologies, within the legal frameworks of one-or-the-other jurisdiction, where such cases might be filed in a court. 

I'm also going to guess, that you will find ways of arguing how any conceivable case that could be filed in a court, regarding any of the allegations or problems tabled in these documents, has been contaminated by my publicly viewable arguments or opinionated commentaries. Therefore, those allegations and problems cannot be redressed without "material injuries and prejudicial harms to your employers because of potentially biased investigators."

All of this only means that, any law firms that may have become cognizant of the issues described in these documents, might like to pursue several cases against the offending partisan institutions of Canada named within this, and its linked repositories, regardless of your arguments and petitions. They might even make use of 'entrepreneurial litigation financing', to do so. Or they may use more traditional facilities like - https://lawfoundation.on.ca/for-lawyers-and-paralegals/class-proceedings-fund/  

Your counter arguments or filings, especially along the lines of "defamation" will naturally incur deeper investigations of statements and claims presented here. You will undoubtedly like to cause delays and attrition using every means available to you. That will most certainly maintain the existing status-quo for longer while increasing the critical mass and number of persons being harmed, by colluding state-sponsored entities like UWaterloo and IRCC. 

So, it is possible that UWaterloo is simply waiting to be served with court orders, or with some type of summons, while it pretends to be a sleeping blind-deaf-mute, before it can wake up, and somehow respond to the blaring alarm bells concerning its injurious and fraudulent programs. Indeed, those alarms have been ringing continuously and have been repeatedly placed on snooze, by certain Canadian authorities, for decades.

Lastly, I'm also guessing that within a jurisdiction there can typically be, only one class-action for each distinct unsettled legal suit. So, understandably, the one that is filed first passed the docket in a suitable court, is simply the one that other plaintiffs will have to join-in, right? 

How many persons do you suppose would join-in, on the action? 

- **Option A)** Only international student graduates of MBET over the past years   
    
- **Option B)** All graduates and current students of MBET since its inception   
    
- **Option C)** All current, local and international students as well as graduates, harmed by programs like MBET via universities like UWaterloo, throughout Ontario, Canada   
    
- **Option D)** All local and international students, past or present, grievously injured or harmed in any manner, as a result of attending any type of ineffective, illegitimate, discriminatory, or injurious programs (on-campus as well as off-campus ones), offered at any point in time by Designated Learning Institutes of Canada   

Either of the above options don't necessarily have to be filed within Canada, right? :vulcan_salute::innocent:

---

```
Abbreviations:
IRCC      - Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship, Canada
MBET      - Master's of Business Entrepreneurship and Technology 
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo
```

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./05-00.md
  [Top]: ./05-01.md#51-not-king-edward
  [Next]: ./05-02.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>