<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./05-02.md
  [Next]: ./05-04.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

## 5.3 Not to Prince Andrew

Dear Andrew,

As an executive member in UWaterloo, you had the responsibility to raise an alarm, and properly investigate the materials that were provided to you, concerning repeated breaches of trust resulting from year's of professional misconduct of MBET program's coordinators. You instead decided to be brazenly dismissive and evasive, thereby becoming party to the coordinated misdeeds of various other complicit members from UWaterloo. 

None the less, you seem like a good person. I don't have anything against you. So, do you feel like you've been sucker-punched over here?

You see, what has actually happened here is that you were shown systemic, and causal relationships between a cluster of clearly marked 'landmines.' You then decided to squash those clearly indicated landmines which, were formally brought to your knowledge via proper channels, by stomping on them vigorously with your bare feet. The landmines you tried to dismissively stomp on, and toss aside, have blown up to reveal a large can of worms. Of course, you did that only out of your training in education management, and because you were merely complying with the university's organizational culture of stomping first, asking questions never.   

Right, the landmines being talked about here, are the pieces of testimonial evidence about malfeasance within particular graduate study programs of UWaterloo, which include the bad systemic designs, policies, protocols, and activities propagated by the professional management teams and leadership groups of those study programs.

So, I'm simply going to wait for you and the next guy in this list, to pathologize my behavior, attitude, and character because of your automated defense mechanisms. You and other members of UWaterloo will most probably call this approach slanderous. But you did bring this upon yourselves, didn't you? 

Was it you who came up with the idea of, "let's wait and see what this guy can do?" Or, did someone ask you to wait in order to see if I can actually rip UWaterloo a new one? 

More data can be publicly disclosed from *The File,* in order to demonstrate the ways in which systematic human rights violations are being carried out against targeted persons, via the misuse and abuse of medical sciences by Canadian institutions, and through the institutionalized use of punitive medicine against targeted individuals for political purposes. These types of nefarious deeds have been the indoctrinated go-to tactics, of coordinated violators among institutions like UWaterloo and GRHC, who have continued to commit malicious activities to surreptitiously destroy the lives of profiled individuals and communities. 

At this point you will most probably claim that all of this is an elaborate hoax or a lie, to slander and defame persons like yourself, and that this is a smear campaign to tarnish the good reputation of institutions like UWaterloo. To cajole yourself and others by your side, you may even try to come up with a theory about "my motives and 'state of mind', in 'attacking' you and the university." You simply haven't read *The File* which details the dastardly deeds of coordinated state-sponsored agents operating from Kitchener-Waterloo Region, have you? 

For now, please allow me to clear some of the dust and debris, that is clouding your judgment, and is covering the path in front of you. Even though you may find this 'uncalled for', or ridiculously absurd, here is my recommendation on what you can do instead of using your standard defense mechanisms:

1. Work on your resignation letter to vacate your VP position, and rescue your life's work in the field of your study by using your company provided life-vest or parachute. 

    This is because the university is almost guaranteed to sacrifice you as one of the fall-guys in all of this. 

    Do you know the most important reason for why there are dozens of people in large corporations like UWaterloo and Exxon, with titles like associate vice-president, and vice-president of this or that office? 

    When colossal scandals and "zero-day faults" of large organizations with bloat come to light, and into the forefront of the public's eye, one or the other "VP" of the offending organization is fired by its top-echelon, in order to demonstrate to the public that: the issues brought forth were taken seriously by the organization's leaders; the organization was consequently made more "lean"; and the responsible managerial persons who dropped the ball or dragged their feet in redressing preventable problems, were dealt with most stringently. 

    Mid-and-upper-management in such organizations, like yourself, are trained to be elusive and evasive, particularly in responding to large problematic issues of serous urgency that arise due to engineered organizational factors, rather than non-human factors. So all of that theatrical show, about transferring or firing responsible and erroneous people from the organization, is typically just a ruse to appease the public. The offending organization stays the same. Practically nothing changes in its culture and operations. And, the fall-guy is eventually pardoned. Of course, that complicit scapegoat's family is better taken care of by the organization's members because, "loyalty, silence, and compliance of individual members are vital to the hive's survival, and compliance is rewarded."

1. Or, petition a provost of the university to advise *The Offices of The High Commissioner of Canada* in each of the countries where my electronic communications were sent, to be more prudent and less complacent when addressing the international nature of these issues, which were already brought to their attention and awareness.

    Ah yes, you might not have come across this set of news from a while ago - https://github.com/callthis/news

    Also, I'm going to guess that a variety of agencies from those countries already know what is currently inside *Appendices IV and VI, of The File.* If they don't, or if they can't admit how they obtained that knowledge, then they can simply ask for the latest copy of *The File* from me, through formal and proper government channels. Please also have this message, relayed via your incumbent official powers to the current Governor General of Canada, so as to communicate to them that — 
    
    > I'm not interested in Canada's fixers, information brokers, bribes via dead-drops, under-the-table activities, and back-channeling network groups. I expect that when Canadian authorities are good and ready, to talk to me in-person, they will figure out how to get in touch with me, via proper and direct communication channels. 

Thank you. 

Wish you all the best. 

But most importantly, take care. And take cover!

---

```
Abbreviations:
MBET      - Master's of Business Entrepreneurship and Technology 
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo
VP        - Vice President
```

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./05-02.md
  [Top]: ./05-03.md#53-not-to-prince-andrew
  [Next]: ./05-04.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>