## 6. The Role of American Funded Operatives in Canada

During March-April, 2020, a US Marshal from Michigan named Barry (I was only able to find his first name) was stoking security agents in Waterloo-Kitchener region of Ontario, against male-Muslim-Asian persons like myself. The operatives active in Ontario who violated my sanctity by illegally entering into my home in Kitchener on multiple instances, to conduct illegitimate searches, were being aided by US agencies. 

>US Department of Homeland Security (US-DHS), would you care to explain why? 

Especially the series of cyber-attacks on my computer networks during the years 2019-2020, aimed at disturbing my peace and disrupting my ability to present [material evidence of genocides conducted by US, Canadian, and British groups involved in research and development of unmanned combat vehicles](https://github.com/true-hindsight/long-overdue-justice/blob/main/expose/04-0.md#4-misuse-and-abuse-of-defense-systems-developed-via-universities-in-committing-genocides), were aided by North American intelligence groups and agencies. 

Me being a Muslim was the main factor in the home invasions and subsequent violations I was subjected to by agents operating in Ontario. This was evidenced by the statements made by the persons, directly to my face, who repeatedly tortured and tormented me during my illegal detention in May-2020, with their stated intentions of injuring and harming me, because of my Islamic beliefs and Muslim heritage. 

Indeed, Islamophobia among Canadian agencies has continued to grow, partly because members of organizations like US-DHS keep fanning anti-Muslim and anti-Islamic policies and rhetoric, throughout North America. 

It shouldn't be so difficult or taxing, for policy makers in Britain, Canada and the US, to simply read The Holy Quran and to become more educated about Islam. How much courage do they need, to step out of their comfort zone, to merely read a book and become less ignorant? 

I've been able to read the Ramayana, various collections of Shloka from Hindu scriptures, multiple sets of Sutra from Buddhist texts, as well as various versions of the Christian Bible. Those are merely books and articles one can study to gain an understanding of history and anthropology from a religious perspective. Many more people on Earth are also able to gain knowledge from studies involving comparative literature of various religious topics. It's not so challenging or difficult, and certainly not impossible to simply learn precepts from those sacred texts. 

Of course, one can always find a piece of text from a religion that proscribes and prohibits warfare and violence, and at the same time, one can find a separate piece of text from the same volume of scripture that prescribes and encourages warfare and violence against abject wrongdoers in the form of "necessary and justified retaliations." Which piece of text one prioritizes is mainly contingent on personal belief systems and cultural upbringing. So, are the members of British, American, and Canadian government bodies and nationalized institutions, sufficiently well versed in comparative literature to have appropriate foundational education to carry out their civic duties, in a multicultural world? 

It would appear that most human beings throughout the world are afraid to read scriptures that they haven't been brought up with, due to their household and localized culture. So, it is not surprising that many leaders and managers in key institutions of almost all countries, have remained tragically under-educated or completely uneducated and prejudiced, about cross-cultural topics and values, while enacting and executing their organization's policies and rules. However, a better standard of equitable treatment of multicultural and multiracial people is rightly expected from state-sponsored organizations, in modern and democratic countries. 